Update README with more config info (#46)
nextcloud/integration_openai: README.md

## 🔧 Configuration

### Admin settings: connected accounts

> There is a "Connected accounts" **admin** settings section to set your OpenAI API key. This is also where you can connect to a Local AI instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a "Connected accounts" **admin** settings section to set your OpenAI API key. This is also where you can set a LocalAI instance URL if you prefer using LocalAI.
```

![connected accounts settings for AI](https://github.com/nextcloud/integration_openai/assets/551757/2dfdf097-604c-42a7-aee5-4981bf0b13e0)

### Admin settings: Artificial Intelligence

In the Artificial Intelligence section you can then proceed to configure each of the AI functions and choose from the options you configured.

> ![configure AI options](https://github.com/nextcloud/integration_openai/assets/551757/a6a78fa6-3598-4e17-90b2-0f7548df3ab6)

Reviewer 2: These screenshots should be added to the repo itself rather than using this asset thingy.

## User settings: Artificial Intelligence

> Users can choose to disable the Nextcloud Assistant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can choose to disable the Nextcloud Assistant even if the Assistant app is installed.
```
